README.md, before:

# Spring Data JPA + EclipseLink: Configuring Spring-Boot to use EclipseLink as the JPA provider

Source code for tutorial published on https://blog.marcnuri.com/spring-data-jpa-eclipselink-configuring-spring-boot-to-use-eclipselink-as-the-jpa-provider/

Simple Spring Boot application that uses EclipseLink as the JPA provider (see
[CustomJpaConfiguraton](src/main/java/com/marcnuri/demo/springeclipselink/CustomJpaConfiguration.java)).

To run the application:
```shell script
$ ./gradlew bootRun
```

Once the application is running you can test the provided endpoints:
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/mounts | jq
[
  {
    "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
    "alias": "everest",
    "name": "Mount Everest"
  },
  {
    "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
    "alias": "k2",
    "name": "K2"
  },
  {
    "id": "DADB5D54-54E3-4AFD-A1CC-E563FCE34678",
    "alias": "aitana",
    "name": "Aitana"
  }
]
```
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/climbers | jq
[
  {
    "id": "12EED719-7A08-4620-9ADF-7A1FD233FFD1",
    "name": "Alex",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      },
      {
        "id": "DADB5D54-54E3-4AFD-A1CC-E563FCE34678",
        "alias": "aitana",
        "name": "Aitana"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": [
      {
        "id": "043772AA-495C-412B-AFC4-6BF3F918C756",
        "number": "+00 123 45 78"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "id": "114970D3-67F0-41EF-B328-CAA7B5EEA5C9",
    "name": "Charles",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
        "alias": "k2",
        "name": "K2"
      },
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": [
      {
        "id": "3E90D601-F2FE-4B6D-883C-A53DB6005AC6",
        "number": "+11 555 13 37"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "id": "E37222EF-6FF9-452D-AACF-E8C8E306C8B1",
    "name": "Julia",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
        "alias": "k2",
        "name": "K2"
      },
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": []
  }
]
```

Commit message:

Reproducer for demonstration of eclipse-link streaming issue

README.md, after:

# Spring Data JPA + EclipseLink: Demonstration of streaming issue.
Steps to reproduce the issue:
1. Run spring-boot application
```shell script
$ ./gradlew bootRun
```
2. Hit endpoint and see timings
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/mounts/first 
```
3. Update org.springframework.boot plugin to 1.5.8.RELEASE
4. Run spring-boot application
```shell script
$ ./gradlew bootRun
```
5. Hit endpoint and compare timings
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/mounts/first 
```

P.S. This example is for demonstration purposes to show **delay** between query hit and receiving first pack of data.
Core issue affects not only the delay but also amount of memory that application should have available,
it actually depends on size of DB table and amount of data in it.


# Spring Data JPA + EclipseLink: Configuring Spring-Boot to use EclipseLink as the JPA provider

Source code for tutorial published on https://blog.marcnuri.com/spring-data-jpa-eclipselink-configuring-spring-boot-to-use-eclipselink-as-the-jpa-provider/

Simple Spring Boot application that uses EclipseLink as the JPA provider (see
[CustomJpaConfiguraton](src/main/java/com/marcnuri/demo/springeclipselink/CustomJpaConfiguration.java)).

To run the application:
```shell script
$ ./gradlew bootRun
```

Once the application is running you can test the provided endpoints:
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/mounts | jq
[
  {
    "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
    "alias": "everest",
    "name": "Mount Everest"
  },
  {
    "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
    "alias": "k2",
    "name": "K2"
  },
  {
    "id": "DADB5D54-54E3-4AFD-A1CC-E563FCE34678",
    "alias": "aitana",
    "name": "Aitana"
  }
]
```
```shell script
$ curl -s localhost:8080/climbers | jq
[
  {
    "id": "12EED719-7A08-4620-9ADF-7A1FD233FFD1",
    "name": "Alex",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      },
      {
        "id": "DADB5D54-54E3-4AFD-A1CC-E563FCE34678",
        "alias": "aitana",
        "name": "Aitana"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": [
      {
        "id": "043772AA-495C-412B-AFC4-6BF3F918C756",
        "number": "+00 123 45 78"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "id": "114970D3-67F0-41EF-B328-CAA7B5EEA5C9",
    "name": "Charles",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
        "alias": "k2",
        "name": "K2"
      },
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": [
      {
        "id": "3E90D601-F2FE-4B6D-883C-A53DB6005AC6",
        "number": "+11 555 13 37"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "id": "E37222EF-6FF9-452D-AACF-E8C8E306C8B1",
    "name": "Julia",
    "climbedMounts": [
      {
        "id": "30CAB297-B27A-4D79-BF04-EEF9ACA09EB8",
        "alias": "k2",
        "name": "K2"
      },
      {
        "id": "E08A6EFD-E208-42BC-83CC-0AFE5408783F",
        "alias": "everest",
        "name": "Mount Everest"
      }
    ],
    "phoneNumbers": []
  }
]
```
